ubam-pre-pro/readme.md, before:

# Ubam PreProcessing Workflow
Workflow for pre-processing of samples before somatic or germline variant calling.

Takes a BAM file as input, and outputs analysis-ready BAM files. Based off of a pre-processing pipeline developed by Microsoft for pre-processing and germline variant calling, found in the [Microsoft GATK4 Genome Processing repository](httpsgithub.commicrosoftgatk4-genome-processing-pipeline-azure).

The original workflow was modified to include the initial conversion of BAM to uBAM, as well as a call to samtools flagstat for extra metrics on the analysis-ready BAM file and a call to ConvertToCram (taken from the Microsoft pre-processing and germline variant calling pipeline). These changes improve the efficiency of the overall workflow by reducing the number of individual pipelines needed to produce an analysis-ready BAM.

---

**ubam-pre-pro.inputs.json:**

* Replace base_file_name with the sample ID of the sample you want to pre-process.
* Do NOT change sample_name; that is a required reference.
* Replace final_gvcf_base_name with the same sample ID as used in the base_file_name line.
* Replace "input_bam" with the full filepath (or SAS token) to the input BAM to be processed.

**ubam-pre-pro.trigger.json:**

* Replace WorkflowUrl with the URL to either a local version of the WDL (in an Azure Storage Account), or the URL to the version available in this repository online.
* Replace WorkflowInputsUrl with the URL to a local version of the inputs.json file (in an Azure Storage Account).
* Optional: Replace WorkflowOptionsUrl andor WorkflowDependenciesUrl with the URL to a local version of the options.json andor dependencies.json files, respectively.

**ubam-pre-pro.wdl:**

 No changes necessary.

---

### Expected Running Time
* For a 56GB input file, ubam-pre-pro will take ~21.5 hours to finish (~3.5 for BAM to uBAM conversion, plus ~18 for pre-processing).

Commit message:

edited readme for multiple ubam pre processing

ubam-pre-pro/readme.md, after:

# Ubam PreProcessing Workflow
Workflow for pre-processing of samples before somatic or germline variant calling.

Takes a BAM file as input, and outputs analysis-ready BAM files. Based off of a pre-processing pipeline developed by Microsoft for pre-processing and germline variant calling, found in the [Microsoft GATK4 Genome Processing repository](httpsgithub.commicrosoftgatk4-genome-processing-pipeline-azure).

The original workflow was modified to include the initial conversion of BAM to uBAM, as well as a call to samtools flagstat for extra metrics on the analysis-ready BAM file and a call to ConvertToCram (taken from the Microsoft pre-processing and germline variant calling pipeline). These changes improve the efficiency of the overall workflow by reducing the number of individual pipelines needed to produce an analysis-ready BAM.

**ubam-pre-pro-multiple-ubams.wdl:**
This WDL has been changed to take in multiple uBAMs, which is commonly the output from the FastqToUbam workflow. Unlike the normal UbamPrePro workflow, there is no initial BAM to uBAM conversion task. 

---

**ubam-pre-pro.inputs.json:**

* Replace base_file_name with the sample ID of the sample you want to pre-process.
* Do NOT change sample_name; that is a required reference.
* Replace final_gvcf_base_name with the same sample ID as used in the base_file_name line.
* Replace "input_bam" with the full filepath (or SAS token) to the input BAM to be processed.

**ubam-pre-pro.trigger.json:**

* Replace WorkflowUrl with the URL to either a local version of the WDL (in an Azure Storage Account), or the URL to the version available in this repository online.
* Replace WorkflowInputsUrl with the URL to a local version of the inputs.json file (in an Azure Storage Account).
* Optional: Replace WorkflowOptionsUrl andor WorkflowDependenciesUrl with the URL to a local version of the options.json andor dependencies.json files, respectively.

**ubam-pre-pro.wdl:**

 No changes necessary.

---

### Expected Running Time
* For a 56GB input file, ubam-pre-pro will take ~21.5 hours to finish (~3.5 for BAM to uBAM conversion, plus ~18 for pre-processing).
