ubam-germline-pre-pro/readme.md, before:

# Ubam Germline Pre-Processing Workflow
Workflow for pre-processing of samples, and subsequent germline variant calling

Takes a BAM file as input, and outputs analysis-ready BAM files along with germline variant annotations (in VCF format). Pipeline was developed by Microsoft and can be found in the [Microsoft GATK4 Genome Processing repository](https://github.com/microsoft/gatk4-genome-processing-pipeline-azure).

The original workflow was modified to include the initial conversion of BAM to uBAM, as well as a call to samtools flagstat for extra metrics on the analysis-ready BAM file. These changes improve the efficiency of the overall workflow by reducing the number of individual pipelines needed to produce an analysis-ready BAM. 

---

**ubam-germline-pre-pro.inputs.json:** 

* Replace "base_file_name" with the sample ID of the sample you want to pre-process.
* Do NOT change "sample_name"; that is a required reference.
* Replace "final_gvcf_base_name" with the same sample ID as used in the "base_file_name" line.
* Replace "input_bam" with the full filepath (or SAS token) to the input BAM to be processed.

**ubam-germline-pre-pro.trigger.json:**

* Replace "WorkflowUrl" with the URL to either a local version of the WDL (in an Azure Storage Account), or the URL to the version available in this repository online.

* Replace "WorkflowInputsUrl" with the URL to a local version of the inputs.json file (in an Azure Storage Account).

* Optional: Replace "WorkflowOptionsUrl" and/or "WorkflowDependenciesUrl" with the URL to a local version of the options.json and/or dependencies.json files, respectively.

**ubam-germline-pre-pro.wdl:**

* No changes necessary.

---

### Expected Running Time
* For a 50GB input file, ubam-germline-pre-pro will take ~28.5 hours to finish (~2.5 for BAM to uBAM conversion, plus ~26 for pre-processing and germline variant calling).

Commit message:

edited readme for multiple ubam pre processing

ubam-germline-pre-pro/readme.md, after:

# Ubam Germline Pre-Processing Workflow
Workflow for pre-processing of samples, and subsequent germline variant calling

Takes a BAM file as input, and outputs analysis-ready BAM files along with germline variant annotations (in VCF format). Pipeline was developed by Microsoft and can be found in the [Microsoft GATK4 Genome Processing repository](https://github.com/microsoft/gatk4-genome-processing-pipeline-azure).

The original workflow was modified to include the initial conversion of BAM to uBAM, as well as a call to samtools flagstat for extra metrics on the analysis-ready BAM file. These changes improve the efficiency of the overall workflow by reducing the number of individual pipelines 
needed to produce an analysis-ready BAM. 

**ubam-germline-pre-pro-multiple-ubams.wdl:**
This WDL has been changed to take in multiple uBAMs, which is commonly the output from the FastqToUbam workflow. Unlike the normal UbamPrePro workflow, there is no initial BAM to uBAM conversion task. 


---

**ubam-germline-pre-pro.inputs.json:** 

* Replace "base_file_name" with the sample ID of the sample you want to pre-process.
* Do NOT change "sample_name"; that is a required reference.
* Replace "final_gvcf_base_name" with the same sample ID as used in the "base_file_name" line.
* Replace "input_bam" with the full filepath (or SAS token) to the input BAM to be processed.

**ubam-germline-pre-pro.trigger.json:**

* Replace "WorkflowUrl" with the URL to either a local version of the WDL (in an Azure Storage Account), or the URL to the version available in this repository online.

* Replace "WorkflowInputsUrl" with the URL to a local version of the inputs.json file (in an Azure Storage Account).

* Optional: Replace "WorkflowOptionsUrl" and/or "WorkflowDependenciesUrl" with the URL to a local version of the options.json and/or dependencies.json files, respectively.

**ubam-germline-pre-pro.wdl:**

* No changes necessary.

---

### Expected Running Time
* For a 50GB input file, ubam-germline-pre-pro will take ~28.5 hours to finish (~2.5 for BAM to uBAM conversion, plus ~26 for pre-processing and germline variant calling).
